Add and update hyperfunctions for Toolkit 1.6 (#947)
timescale/docs: api/counter_aggs.md

> # Counter and gauge aggregation

Reviewer: It might be worth noting that while the goal is to have the gauge agg support the entire counter agg API (with the possible exception of num_resets), the current experimental implementation only supports `delta`, `idelta_left`, and `idelta_right`.

This section contains functions related to counter and gauge aggregation.

> Counter aggregation functions are used to continue accumulating data while
> ignoring any interruptions or resets. Gauge aggregates are similar, but do not
> ignore resets. For more information about counter aggregation functions, see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Counter aggregation functions are used to accumulate monotonically increasing data 
by treating any decrements as resets. Gauge aggregates are similar, but are used to
track data which can decrease as well as increase. For more information about counter
aggregation functions, see the
```

|||[`rate`](/hyperfunctions/counter_aggs/rate/)|❌|✅|
|||[`slope`](/hyperfunctions/counter_aggs/slope-counter/)|❌|✅|
|||[`time_delta`](/hyperfunctions/counter_aggs/time_delta/)|❌|✅|

> ||Mutator|[`with_bounds`](/hyperfunctions/counter_aggs/with_bounds/)|❌|✅|

Author: ```suggestion
||Mutator|[`with_bounds`](/hyperfunctions/counter_aggs/with_bounds/)|❌|✅|

<highlight type="important">
All accessors can be used with `CounterSummary`. The accessors `delta`,
`idelta_left`, and `idelta_right` can be used with `GaugeSummary`.
`GaugeSummary` will eventually support all the accessors, with the exception
of `num_resets`.
</highlight>
```
